[Music]
ten tips on how to get a boyfriend when
you see happy couples all around you you
can't help but wonder why oh why don't I
have a boyfriend even though we all like
to believe that some day love will just
come and sweep us off our feet like in
all those rom-coms in reality it rarely
goes that way but don't lose hope we've
got not one but ten tips for you on how
to get a boyfriend so listen carefully
but before you bid the single life
goodbye
don't forget to click subscribe and turn
on the little notification bell so that
you won't miss anything new coming out
daily on the bright side of life now
let's kick this list off starting at
number one love and accept yourself for
who you are whether you're looking for
love or not this tip is crucial the
thing you have to love yourself first
will never go out of style you can't
build a strong connection with somebody
if you don't know and accept yourself
first you can still get a boyfriend sure
but when you depend on somebody else to
make you feel good about yourself you
still end up feeling alone even in the
most amazing fairytale romance it's not
your boyfriend's job to make you love
yourself all you you can do that so work
on feeling comfortable in your own skin
figure out what you want flying that
inner confidence and learn not to depend
on a guy to make you feel worthy there's
nothing more irresistible than a happy
and confident girl who has her on life
respects herself knows her Worth and
doesn't wait for Prince Charming to come
and save her number two put yourself out
there the more people you know the
higher your chances of meeting your
special someone it might be a friend of
a friend you get acquainted with at a
party or just somebody you meet
book club the options are endless of
course it doesn't mean that you should
hang out with people you don't really
like or go from a homebody to the life
of the party overnight just put yourself
out there do your own thing and be open
to new adventures there are a ton of
great places where you can meet similar
minded people like a fan club community
class art workshop or any other group
that fits your hobbies and interests you
can do the same thing online and get to
know people in the same fandoms that
you're in you'll certainly find great
friends and possibly a boyfriend among
people who do the same things that you
do number three take advantage of social
media if there's nothing going on in
your personal life and you don't feel
anything special for the boys around you
try social media nowadays there are tons
of apps and websites for people who are
looking for their other half and there
are even more stories of couples who met
online and ended up building a life
together just be extra careful though
because anybody can make a fake profile
on the Internet if you already have a
crush on somebody social media can help
you out as well friend him and start a
conversation it can be about anything
homework
something he knows a lot about a good
restaurant he recommends as you start
the conversation it'll progress on its
own helping you find out more about him
who knows maybe he'll even offer to take
you to that restaurant so that you can
get to know each other number four find
out more about your guy let's say you
finally found somebody who makes your
heart beat faster and gives you
butterflies in your stomach I know it's
hard but try not to dive into it right
away instead get to know him first find
out if he's even available maybe he's in
a happy relationship try to ask around
what this guy is really like and whether
he has a crush on somebody you don't
really want to ruin somebody's happiness
or wreck someone's relationship right if
he's single and doesn't have anybody on
his mind ask yourself a couple more
questions is he funny
and interesting or just good-looking
even the hottest guy in the world will
lose always appeal if he's really boring
full of himself or has zero charisma so
don't just go for looks go for
personality and if he has both that
you've hit the jackpot number five be
approachable when you finally meet the
guy of your dreams it's important that
you don't close yourself off no matter
how nervous you are don't let your body
language sabotage you try your best to
maintain eye contact don't cross your
arms over your chest be warm and
approachable otherwise you might get the
impression that you're not interested
and you definitely don't want your crush
to think that never forget that it's
just as scary for him to make the first
move as it is for you so show him that
you're interested in hanging out with
him more greet him warmly whenever you
see him invite him to sit with you at
lunch tell him you have an extra ticket
to the movies or a game anybody would
want to spend more time with such a
warm-hearted person number six don't
rush it if you start dating right away
that's awesome but taking it slow has
its own rewards tons of couples in a
long-term relationship started out being
best friends let him get to know you too
the more you hang out together the more
you'll know about each other and if this
friendship doesn't blossom into a
relationship whether it's because the
spark just wasn't there before you
decided that you make better friends
than lovebirds that's totally fine at
least you now have an awesome palace
spend time with just remember one thing
if he doesn't like you for you don't
waste your time on him changing for
somebody is never the way to build a
healthy and long-lasting relationship
there is a guy out there who will adore
you just the way you are and if this guy
can't do that then he's not worth it
number seven let the best parts of your
personality shine
this one is especially useful when
you're into a popular guy that all the
other girls are after such guys usually
get loads of attention from girls
and that's why you need to stand out
show him the best parts of your
personality and let him see you from a
different perspective are you naturally
a little quirky or goofy
don't hide this cute aspect of yourself
don't shy away from serious talks either
it's the best way to build a unique
connection and get to know each other on
a deeper level just don't make yourself
into something you definitely aren't if
you want a truly splendid love story it
has to start with a guy falling for you
not for somebody you pretend to be
number eight make the first move whoever
said that the guy has to make the first
move do it yourself
he may be head over heels in love with
you but too shy to confess his feelings
if you're a little too shy or scared
yourself to make such a bold move you
can test the waters first by paying
attention to his body language it's
purely subconscious and can tell you a
lot about what a person really thinks of
you we have tons of videos on our
channel about body language so be sure
to head over to our page and check them
out and if you feel comfortable and
confident enough to try
you can also flirt with him which we
also have helpful videos on how to do if
he responds to it then he's probably
interested in hanging out and getting to
know you better
number nine make him his best self a
romantic relationship is above all a
companionship you have to lift each
other up and inspire one another and
that's exactly what most people want
partnership and understanding encourage
him to stay true to himself to develop
his skills whether it's in his
profession or simply in his hobbies and
to never back away from any challenges
everybody needs someone they can tell
anything without being judged right
don't push him too hard though
if him the space to decide what's best
for himself your job is to be there and
be supportive
also don't confuse making someone better
with changing someone just like you
don't have to change yourself to fit
into somebody's idea of perfection he
doesn't need to do the same for you help
him make changes that he wants and cheer
for him on his way to achieving his
dreams that's the best thing you can do
number 10
be your own best self not everything has
to be about him right you have your own
life in your own dreams to accomplish so
never forget about yourself when you're
with somebody you both need to move
forward if one of you is stuck in the
same place while the other is growing
and improving it'll create an imbalance
that will end up hurting your
relationship sooner or later so try to
be a good girlfriend and partner but
don't sacrifice your wants and dreams
just for your significant other you both
need to have your own separate interests
and hobbies the independent individuals
in this union
that way you'll always be in of one
another which will only make your
feelings grow Plus being a power couple
is way more fun and that's basically
everything you need to know if you're
ready to leave your single status behind
and jump into the dating world finding
your perfect match
takes time so don't go too fast you
deserve an outstanding boyfriend who
will cherish you and know how lucky he
is to have you by his side never settle
for something that feels forced and
doesn't make you glow with joy do your
thing
be yourself work toward your dreams and
everything else will follow
what's been the most romantic moment in
your life so far tell us in the comments
below we love a good love story while
you're at it give us a like and hit that
subscribe button to hang out with us on
the bright side of life see you soon